Books-Diderot_Denis-Encyclopedie
================================

A partial copy of an 18th-Century French encyclopedia, edited by Denis Diderot.

As of this writing, the particular volumes transcribed into this repository are of "planches", or image plates, each accompanied by a descriptive legend.  This repository was created to split this large amount of data from its original home in the parent "Books" repository, as it was making that parent repository too big to easily download and manage.  It is intended, however, that this child repository will be made a "Git submodule" of the parent "Books" repository, so it can still be included as part of a larger library for normal use.

The content of this repository is mainly adapted from digitized versions of the _Encyclopedie_ administered by two American universities, namely, the University of Chicago (for the text) and the University of Michigan (for the images).  The difficult and no-doubt onerous work done by these teams in digitizing this work is gratefully acknowledged.  Nonetheless, this transcription exists because these versions were deemed too unwieldy to use (for example, dependent on JavaScript and closed-source reader platforms) and impossible to distribute and propagate.

Distribution and propagation of this work, however, is vital, both to encourage its wider readership and to serve as a safeguard against the possible eventual loss of these university-funded resources.  It is believed by the transcriber that this transcription of the _Encyclopedie_ does not infringe copyright because the original text, in French, is over 200 years old and thus firmly in the public domain, and as for the images, while they have been cleaned and processed slightly from the originals, these changes are not "transformative" for purposes of copyright law.